#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

== Configure NetBeans for Maven ==
  # Download and install [http://maven.apache.org/ Apache Maven].
    * If you are using JDK 1.4, get version 2.1.0.
    * If you are using JDK 1.5 or higher, get the latest version.
  # In NetBeans, go to "Tools" > "Options." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/tools-options.png screenshot])
  # Click the "Miscellaneous" tab, then click the "Maven" subtab.
  # Enter the path where you installed Maven. ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/misc-maven.png screenshot])

== Check Out PSI Probe Source ==
  # In NetBeans, go to "Team" > "Subversion" > "Checkout..." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/team-svn-checkout.png screenshot])
  # Enter the URL for psi-probe (http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/trunk) and leave the credential blank. ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/enter-repo-url.png screenshot])
    * Note to project committers: use https and enter your Google account information.
  # Click "Next" and wait for NetBeans to connect to the repository.
  # Enable "Skip 'trunk' and checkout only its contents." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/enter-checkout-loc.png screenshot])
  # Enter or browse to the location where you would like to check out the PSI Probe source code.
  # Click "Finish."  It may take a while to check out.
  # Assuming you have NetBeans configured to use Maven, a dialog will appear informing you that projects have been checked out.  Click "Open Project..." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/checkout-complete.png screenshot])
  # Select the "PSI Probe" project and enable "Open Required" near the bottom.  Then click "Open." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/open-projects.png screenshot])

== Compiling and Packaging PSI Probe from Source ==
  # You may see errors for some of the sub-projects.  These will likely be fixed when you perform your first build.
  # Right-click the "PSI Probe" base project and select "Build" or "Clean and Build." ([http://psi-probe.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/IDEConfigNetBeans/build-from-source.png screenshot])