#summary Instructions for deploying to a server
#labels Featured
----

= Apache Tomcat =

== Option 1: Tomcat Manager ==
  # Start Tomcat if it is not running.
  # Go to the manager URL (e.g. `http://localhost:8080/manager/html`)
  # Upload probe.war using "War file to deploy" option.

== Option 2: Manual Copy ==
  # Shut down Tomcat if it is running.
  # Copy probe.war into `$CATALINA_HOME/webapps/`
  # Start Tomcat.

== Option 3: Custom ==
You can, of course, unpackage the `probe.war` file and create the `probe.xml` context descriptor yourself.

If you do this, understand that PSI Probe _requires_ a *privileged* context.  `META-INF/context.xml` in the probe.war contains an example.
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<Context path="/probe" privileged="true" />
}}}

== Security Configuration ==
PSI Probe requires four security roles (in order of increasing [Features#Features_by_Role privileges]):
  * *probeuser*
  * *poweruser*
  * *poweruserplus*
  * *manager* - The "manager" role is the same one required by Tomcat Manager and has the highest level of privileges.

By default, roles are configured via `$CATALINA_HOME/conf/tomcat-users.xml`:
{{{
<tomcat-users>
  <role rolename="probeuser" />
  <role rolename="poweruser" />
  <role rolename="poweruserplus" />
  <user username="admin" password="t0psecret" roles="manager,admin" />
</tomcat-users>
}}}

== JVM Options ==
To allow PSI Probe to display and collect memory usage statistics, you must enable remote JMX with the following command line option:

  * `-Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote`

----
= JBoss with embedded Tomcat =
== 1. Declare users and rolls ==
Create two files in `$JBOSS_SERVER_HOME/conf/props/`:
    * `probe-users.properties`: list of users in the format of `username=password`
      * e.g. `admin=t0psecret`
    * `probe-roles.properties`: lists of roles in the format of `username=role1[,role2...]`
      * e.g. `admin=manager`
== 2. Define application policy ==
Edit `$JBOSS_SERVER_HOME/conf/login.xml` and add the following code to the `<policy>` element:

{{{
<application-policy name="probe">
  <authentication>
    <login-module code="org.jboss.security.auth.spi.UsersRolesLoginModule" flag="required">
      <module-option name="usersProperties">props/probe-users.properties</module-option>
      <module-option name="rolesProperties">props/probe-roles.properties</module-option>
    </login-module>
  </authentication>
</application-policy>
}}}

== 3. Ensure a privileged context ==
Add the following attribute to `$JBOSS_SERVER_HOME/deploy/jbossweb-tomcat55.sar/META-INF/jboss-service.xml`:

{{{
<attribute name="AllowSelfPrivilegedWebApps">true</attribute>
}}}

== 4. Manually deploy PSI Probe ==
  # Copy probe.war to `$JBOSS_SERVER_HOME/deploy/`
  # Restart JBoss.

== Known Issues ==
  * JBoss 3.2.8SP1 has a [https://jira.jboss.org/jira/browse/JBAS-3006 bug] which does not allow Probe to restart applications.  It has been fixed in a later version.